[Docs] Improve cross links for models `Page`, `Parameter`, `RadioItems`, `RangeSlider`, `Slider`, `Switch` (#1417)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user-guides/pages.md

# How to make dashboard pages

> This guide shows you how to add pages to your dashboard and customize the URL paths if needed. A [`Page`][vizro.models.Page] model enables you to:

Reviewer: > Should we reference to the user-guides ./pages.md instead of the API docs [vizro.models.Page] when the model's API is described like here? I wouldn't make any changes in this line.

However, in this case the general usage and model's purpose is described instead of its API. So I'd change it here to

```suggestion
This guide shows you how to add pages to your dashboard and customize the URL paths if needed. A [`Page`](./pages.md) model enables you to:
```

To create and add a page to your dashboard, do the following steps:

> 1. Set a `title` for your [`Page`][vizro.models.Page] (which does not have to be unique)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set a `title` for your [`Page`][vizro.models.Page] model (which does not have to be unique)
```
